Challenge Statement
This challenge is about creating a simple file storage server with a command line interface
with the files on the server.
Details
You are tasked with simple file storage server with a command line interface, this server
should support the following functions :
1

1. Upload a file
ex. POST /files/<name>, Content-Type: multipart/form-data
2. Delete a file
ex. DELETE /files/<name>
3. List uploaded files (if a file is uploaded then deleted it should not be listed)
ex. GET /files may return a list of files: [file1.txt, file2.txt, ..]
The server may be written in a language and framework of your choosing. If you wish to
use a different interface (or different non HTTP/REST protocol), you may do so as long as it
supports the three functions listed above (the endpoint names and types are just
suggestions to get started).
After you have written the server, please implement a command line interface (CLI) to
interact with the server. The CLI should support the same three functions as the server (ex.
fs-store upload-file <file>, fs-store delete-file <file>, fs-store list-files). We suggest using
existing CLI frameworks to handle the needed boilerplate.
When working on this challenge, be sure to implement your solution as if you were in a
production setting (think about how real production code is set up managed). Specifically,
some things to think about include:
- Proving correctness of the code (and ensuring future code changes don’t break CLI
/ Server interaction)
- CLI design, and ease of use
- Project tooling and reproducible builds (what tooling or checks would you need in
place in an OSS project, for example)
- Installation (how would you distribute the software to a user)

1 Notably, this server does not include the ability to download files or create directories, neither of which is
required for this challenge.

What to return back to us
1. The project folder and all its contents
2. Please provide a complete README file that includes following contents:
a. What is your idea or Ingenuity in design
b. Instructions on how to build and run (distribute) your code
c. framework and tool / kit information if you use
d. Operating system and environment setting information if necessary
3. Make sure your code is well covered by test code to illustrate its robustness.
4. Please zip or tar everything in a directory named yourfirst.lastname/ and return
via email
5. In your email response please let us know roughly how many hours you spent on
this exercise (we will not grade you this on this answer -- it is helpful for us to
normalize the difficulty of challenges)